Veg Garden Disruption
The old-fashion lady screamed at the boy:
"Stop immediately naught devil!".
But the boy didn't stop because he had
a screw loose and continued
to ravage the old lady's veg garden.


End of a summer
It was a cold autumn morning in which
the sparrows
were being blown away by the gale.
The dead leafs
were the summer rubble upon which
we treaded.


Politicians disrespect
I am queasy about politicians,
they lie like we all are
ignorant simpletons, their speeches
are vacuous and they all are useless in
this critical moment for which a
strong leader is needed.


Use a binocular
If you look in the binocular everything
will look warped but there is a knack
to make it work: just adjust the
focus wheel.


Wet fox
The hungry fox jumped in the pond to
catch the duck that immediately
run away, so now the fox was not
only starving but also soggy.

The little runt tore his father cherished baseball 
figurine from when he was young abd father pounded 
the poor kid with herculean strength but mother 
frowned at such behaviour and reminded dad of 
his childrearing duties.

The noble family was tentatively transferred 
in an housing estate because their 
mansion was being refurbished, but their
lust for high ceiling caused much grief.


Fat like a blimp but swift as a sparrow.


A chum threw in the gorge lured the blimp to jump,
but the despicable twerps who made the joke 
didn't know that the fatso had a something in store
for them: instead of crushing in the gorge he bounced
back up and subsumed them.


We have been working in this dank basement 
all day, looking through these moldy records 
has been a wild goose chase, we will never find
that Depeche Mode autographed 12", let's call it the day 
and give up.


The softy young lady was goofing-off in the garden
cherry-picking the best flowers to perk up the
depressed prince.

The ninja fell in a trap hidden in the bamboo
groove and ended up tangled in wires.


The little boy did not get his panties in a 
bunch after the crazy monster threw him in the 
gorge, he used his make-believe power to land 
on a trampoline and was not even scratched.


My girlfriend is trying to stir me away from 
buying a hot-air baloon but I will get my way eventually.


